in
actually have different people
to
referees drivers players
coaches called you together
so mainly a very positive one
meeting in the form of a competition
they just had a warm help and one
preliminary discussion
after the participants are now the competition
entered either the first half
immediately there will be a rest with some tea and
the sweet lemonade and afterwards there is still
an extension and a follow-up discussion
and then we enter the third half
I've always come to that insight
more people are happy
you who worry about how it
goes into the football
keep humor in it and that is there anyway
just from your perspective
do it all for a referee
is not on the field
some say yes I don't feel like it
more in i can i ca n't intention
I think that whistling is great fun
it is usually not occasionally
and sometimes there is sharing with you
experience and especially in conversation with each other
are not alone and between the camera
in the clips but also the clips themselves
and I think that is incredibly important
and the amateur football really good
coming
it's a nicest I thought no but I
really eh yes yes
in terms of football and if so very enthusiastic
people
nice female people yes
such people I was actually my
collaborate
yes it's fun